Bd-3898 Add warning about adding a/b test to launched campaign (#8982)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing.md

Variant A has a consistently higher count of *Unique Recipients* than Variant C. This isn't due to variant distribution, but rather how *Unique Recipients* are calculated for in-app messages. For in-app messages, *Unique Recipients* are actually *Unique Impressions*, which is the total number of people who received and viewed the in-app message. This means if a user doesn't receive the message for whatever reason or decides not to view it, they are not included in the *Unique Recipients* count, and the variant distribution can appear skewed.

> ## Five rules for multivariate and A/B testing {#five-rules-for}

Reviewer: this made me chuckle. i don't know why haha.

Before you begin the test, decide how long it will run for and stick to it. Marketers are often tempted to stop tests after they see results that they like, biasing their findings. Resist the temptation to peek and never end your test early!

#### Add your test to campaigns before they launch, not after

> If you add your test to a campaign after it has launched, the test won't run properly and you may receive incorrect or misleading statistics. For example, if you add a test to launched campaign that allows re-entry, the users who re-entry will go down the same path every time to prevent data issues with the test. Additionally, if you change any of the variants while the test is running, the change will invalidate your test and restart it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add your test to a campaign after it has launched, the test won't run properly and you may receive incorrect or misleading statistics. For example, if you add a test to a launched campaign that allows re-entry, users who re-enter the campaign will always go through the same path to prevent data issues with the test. Additionally, if you change any of the variants while the test is running, the change will invalidate your test and restart it.
```

Reviewer: Also is there a more accurate word here instead of `data issues`? is it like, data inaccuracies? or corrupted data/data leaks/etc.?
